Your Highness, give me three minutes
I must give it to the boy
Kneeling in front of you
Otherwise, I'm surprised now
Now the hostages are gone
No deposit in hand
Are you here to die?
Hey, I'll call you here.
You don't have to wonder
Because it's just you shrimp soldiers and crab generals
We can't do anything to me, hahahaha.
Lu Yao
When your Lu family was brilliant
Wu Dasan has no money
You don't have that confidence, do you?
I'm wondering
You boy
Where did the confidence come from?
sir
The young master's hands are crippled
Later life
Your dad doesn't have to take care of himself
And what to play
And the young master's lifeblood is probably invalid
Can't go to school for life
What!
Everything costs as always
Sao Yan goes up
Sure enough, you carried my Wu family's number.
I won't mess you up at any time today
I waved these five words, you kill him for me
Wujiang
Give him a break
I will personally torture him to death